README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="./logo.png">
</p>

## e-Commerce MERN stack application

---
## Env Variables

Create a .env file in the root directory and add the following:
```
NODE_ENV = development
PORT = 5000
MONGO_URI = your mongodb uri
JWT_SECRET = 'abc123'
PAYPAL_CLIENT_ID = your paypal client id
```

---
## Installation
Install needed dependencies for frontend and backend:
```
npm install
cd frontend
npm install
```

---
## Running development server
```
# Run frontend (:3000) & backend (:5000)
npm run dev

# Run backend only
npm run server
```

---
## Production building and deploying
```
# Create frontend production build
cd frontend
npm run build
```

---
## How to run tests?
To run tests, clone the project and install the dependencies. Now to run the tests we want to go into the `frontend` directory of the project and run the command: `npm run test` or `npm run test:coverage` to run our testing coverage.*

**The app is not fully tested, so if you would like to test this application and contribute, just fork the project, make your changes and open a pull request :)*

<p align="center">
    <img src="./tests.png">
</p>

Commit message:

update readme to let apple users know that they might want to change to another default port

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="./logo.png">
</p>

## e-Commerce MERN stack application

---
## Env Variables

*__PORT note__: if you're using an apple device, you might want to use PORT = 4000, since Apple uses PORT 5000 by default for Apple Airplay receiver by default*

Create a .env file in the root directory and add the following:
```
NODE_ENV = development
PORT = 5000
MONGO_URI = your mongodb uri
JWT_SECRET = 'abc123'
PAYPAL_CLIENT_ID = your paypal client id
```

---
## Installation
Install needed dependencies for frontend and backend:
```
npm install
cd frontend
npm install
```

---
## Running development server
*__PORT note__: you might want to change this backend port on Apple devices as well*
```

# Run frontend (:3000) & backend (:5000)
npm run dev

# Run backend only
npm run server
```

---
## Production building and deploying
```
# Create frontend production build
cd frontend
npm run build
```

---
## How to run tests?
To run tests, clone the project and install the dependencies. Now to run the tests we want to go into the `frontend` directory of the project and run the command: `npm run test` or `npm run test:coverage` to run our testing coverage.*

**The app is not fully tested, so if you would like to test this application and contribute, just fork the project, make your changes and open a pull request :)*

<p align="center">
    <img src="./tests.png">
</p>
